JP-3550: Jump multi int (#8304)
spacetelescope/jwst: CHANGES.rst

jump
----

> - Add an additional parameter to pass the threshold number of difference to switch
>   the jump detection to run in a single pass rather than one CR at a time. [#8304]
>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added an additional parameter to the jump step that sets the threshold number of differences
  below which iterative flagging of a single CR at a time is turned off. [#8304]
  
```

Reviewer: I'm not picky on the wording, but what's there currently was a bit confusing
